Davicho Barona: What's going on, guys?
Davicho Barona: Same drill, I'm just going to first spend the first minute, like, admitting people in.
Davicho Barona: Awesome. Always love seeing familiar faces.
Davicho Barona: Belle, David, and Michael.
Davicho Barona: So good to see you guys.
Elle Cardenas: You too, good morning!
Davicho Barona: Good morning!
Michael Mandaville: DeVito, good to see you.
Davicho Barona: Hey, you too, you too. What's up, Xander? And hey, Mikal, how are you? I hope…
Xander Simms: Hello!
Davicho Barona: And,
Davicho Barona: you've been getting some help from Artur, I know we've been… I've been, like, slammed, and Artur has also, but…
Davicho Barona: I'm talking to Michael, or Mikhail, I don't know how to say your name, I'm sorry if I botched it. But I, I know we've been looking at your board with your, wood furniture and stuff. I hope you've been getting some help.
Davicho Barona: Hopefully, more to come.
Davicho Barona: Let me just make sure everyone can chat. Okay, you're waiting for Artur. Cool. Artur will be here as well at some point, at some point soon, if he's not already here, and
Davicho Barona: And, yeah, hopefully get a little bit more help for your particular case.
Davicho Barona: And I'm also wondering if you have been…
Davicho Barona: If you've been able to get any guidance actually from the agent itself, giving it some references and asking for exactly what… my voice has an echo?
Davicho Barona: How about now? Does that feel less echoey?
Dr. Maria Ian: I don't hear any echo.
Davicho Barona: No echo for you? Okay.
Dr. Maria Ian: So…
Davicho Barona: Okay.
Davicho Barona: No echo.
Davicho Barona: Okay, good.
Davicho Barona: What was I saying?
Davicho Barona: Oh, if you've gotten any… if you've been able to ask the agent about your… your issue as well, a lot of times, I've been able to solve that with the agent itself, be, like, describing the problem that I'm having.
Davicho Barona: And then also highlighting the references, like, highlighting the things that I'm having issues with, telling it what the issue is.
Davicho Barona: and then trying to get the agent to also help me troubleshoot. David, that's weird, man. I… anyone else hear the echo, or is it just…
Davicho Barona: David, maybe you have a microphone on that's giving you feedback from From your own speakers.
Davicho Barona: Or something like that.
Dr. Maria Ian: Mine is crystal clear.
Davicho Barona: Beautiful.
Davicho Barona: I think that might be… that might be the issue.
Ken Hitsman: Yeah, most likely it's a feedback loop, I experienced.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you have two users on the thing, let me…
Davicho Barona: Let me kick out your other user.
Dr. Maria Ian: Well, that's what happens when you have two users, that's exactly what happens.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, maybe that, that helps.
Davicho Barona: Artur is here. I will have to jump in about half an hour from now. Artur will do the last 15 minutes, so we do a full 45. I,
Davicho Barona: I guess first I usually…
Davicho Barona: I usually ask for questions, like, I want to make sure to address some questions. If anyone is having, like.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, Sharif, go ahead.
Sherif Mokbel: Hey, I was already in touch with you, you know, about the… I don't know if you remember the board contamination that I said before? Yeah.
Sherif Mokbel: I mean, if you have the answer, that's fine. If not, then we can keep on discussion on the email. But I have another problem now where, as you were saying, you know, like, if I'm having issues, like, generating things, I would go to the brainstorm, and I would start discussing why it's not really giving me what I want.
Sherif Mokbel: And, I've been having an issue since the morning now. It's trying to do, like, a scene with, you know, like, a cinematic scene, quote-unquote.
Sherif Mokbel: And it gave me, like, something that's very digital art, so I told it, no, no, I need something with less digital and so on. Anyway, it gave me something very HDR-looking, which is very… and very faded, so I was like, no… and I tried… started to describe what I mean by cinematic and so on, so it gave me something extremely high contrast, you know, that I can barely… it's just a shadow.
Sherif Mokbel: You know, so…
Davicho Barona: What model you were using for that?
Sherif Mokbel: I think it was Uni One in most of them.
Sherif Mokbel: And… but then, in the end of the day, I… it was basically ping-ponging between both, and I would keep on going every single time, you know, like, why are you giving me this? No, I want something in between, and it would give me something on the other extreme. So in the end, like, I said, okay, and I keep on rejecting things, you know? So I said, okay, I'm gonna give you some references. So I gave it references, circled them, and, you know, like, selected them, and said, okay.
Sherif Mokbel: just use those references as for the colors and lighting, not for anything else. Just stick to the prompt, which is Robin Hood, but this is just for reference color and lighting. So, it started picking up, like, the people from that prompt as well.
Sherif Mokbel: And again, it just went back to giving me HDR look. That has nothing to do with the images. So it's like, okay, I don't know. I was like…
Sherif Mokbel: I'm not sure why is it not understanding? And I expressed why, like, I deliberately asked it, why are you not understanding? How can I help you understand, you know?
Davicho Barona: How about this? Did you… did you actually give it a reference image of something that you do like?
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like, I give it 4 images that are not exactly, that are not the topic that I'm talking about. Like, it's also, like, a battle of some sort, but I was saying, just use this for color and lighting, not for anything else. So, but then, and use the prompt, the initial prompt that I had for you.
Sherif Mokbel: to… and this… and these references to, you know, combine them and give me something new, but it can…
Davicho Barona: Okay, try this. Instead of… instead of using the images as visual references first, just like that off the bat, grab the images that you like the lighting from, and the actual, maybe, like, the aesthetic, and just the visual style for, you know, that has the elements correct.
Davicho Barona: And ask it to come up with, like, a, like a style or a visual
Davicho Barona: Output Summary as a text document.
Davicho Barona: That way, instead of…
Davicho Barona: Of… because it might be potentially confused by, like, how to blend those images together into another visual, according to then your prompt, which may then… so instead is maybe, like, if you can take those
Davicho Barona: initial… your… the references of the style and of the… of, like, the actual visual elements that you like, and have it extract those things into a text document that then you can use as, like, a guidance doc, like a visual style, visual aesthetic guidance doc.
Davicho Barona: Instead, then go in there and make sure you're editing that doc.
Davicho Barona: You know, so that you're not actually giving it some… some things that you, that you actually feel like it needs to omit, like it shouldn't include these, these different details.
Davicho Barona: I have sometimes a better…
Davicho Barona: result by asking for it to, like, extract things into a text document as a… first, and then use that as reference, like, hey, take this, and use this as your visual guidelines. This is what needs to… this is the elements you need in order to build the.
Sherif Mokbel: I mean, the only question here is, which kind of brings me back to the first problem that I had, the contamination board, basically, is, shall I remove those references images from the board?
Davicho Barona: No? No, you don't have to do that. As long as you're referencing the one thing and you're not selecting everything, then you can also just start a new chat. If you start a new chat, you're gonna have a new context window.
Davicho Barona: So, you know, you'll kind of start fresh, and you'll just use this document as your reference in order to start.
Sherif Mokbel: So being it… having them on the board is not going to confuse the model, basically. That… that's… that was my…
Davicho Barona: No, unless you're gonna talk about them, or unless you're gonna click on them and kind of feed them into your chat. But just start with another chat in that same board, and that should probably take, take care of it.
Sherif Mokbel: A very, very quick follow-up question. Now, if I have two reference images, but one of them I need the colors from, and the other one I need, let's say, the pose from.
Sherif Mokbel: But, you know, on the chat, once I select them, they don't have a number or at, like, I cannot reference it to at image 1 or at image 2, you know? So, how do I reference which one I want for what?
Davicho Barona: So, number one, I would… like, so, you're saying you can't… you wouldn't be able to click on it and reference them as image 1 or Image 2, because you're grabbing too many, or…
Sherif Mokbel: Let's say you have this one, these two images, the one that has a color, and the one with a white background. So, let's say the one with the color, I want to say, okay, use the spider in this image, but then the other one is like, but use the background in the other image, you know? So, which is a white background, basically.
Davicho Barona: So I would say image 1 is gonna always refer to the first image you selected.
Sherif Mokbel: On the left side.
Davicho Barona: On the left side, yeah. So, like, if I select this one first, that's Image 1. If I select this one first, that's Image 2. Or I can also go in here and rename this, you know, like, Spider 1, and then I could go in here and rename this as Spider 2, or something like this.
Sherif Mokbel: Huh.
Davicho Barona: And then I could further, like, I could, I could literally just say, like, use,
Davicho Barona: Spider 2, or whatever, and I might put this in quotations. I actually need to do a little bit more experimenting, but I think you can reference, like, and you can say, like, use the image titled
Davicho Barona: Spider 2 without having to select it, because a lot of times, let's say… let's say I'm grabbing all this, and let's say I just do it like this.
Davicho Barona: what is 1? What is 2? What is 3? Does this count as an image? You know, sometimes it gets confusing, and actually, this is part of what I'm gonna just show you here in a second. So a lot of times, I will rename the file.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah.
Davicho Barona: And then… and then refer to it as…
Davicho Barona: that name. And sometimes, if I grab multiple images in one frame, like, you know, all these images are in one frame, I will rename the whole frame, and then I can talk to it about that frame in particular, according to its name. You know, so I will say, like.
Davicho Barona: you know, and I don't even have to necessarily select it. I can just say, find the frame
Davicho Barona: titled, whatever, and use its contents as reference, or, you know, at that point, you can just kind of, like, think of whatever you're… you're trying to do.
Davicho Barona: I want to show you guys a couple different things that I found really useful. Well, first, does anyone else have any burning questions for me before I just jump into something?
Dr. Maria Ian: I have a question.
Davicho Barona: Go ahead.
Dr. Maria Ian: just really quick, could you, get back to me, or somebody at Luma get back to me about my book this week?
Davicho Barona: Yeah, I'll get back to you on that. I don't know if that's gonna be really a go. I'm asking questions, but, you know, it's tough to… it's so out of my control that I just… I'm depending on somebody else to answer it, and it's probably…
Dr. Maria Ian: That's why I'm asking, yeah, so if that person…
Dr. Maria Ian: that person you're depending on, or yourself, somebody could get back to me.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, I'm just… I'm… yeah, I will get back to you. I'm just waiting for… I'm waiting for an answer.
Dr. Maria Ian: Okay, alright, well, thank you, appreciate that.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, sorry, Maria, I haven't gotten back to you.
Dr. Maria Ian: That's okay.
Davicho Barona: Anybody else?
Xander Simms: I did it, Xander.
Davicho Barona: Yo, what's up, man?
Xander Simms: Hey, so, I just wanted to, follow up about the discovery I made, and the, pretty much incredible breakthrough of emergent behavior, and some of the discoveries I've made, with the platform.
Xander Simms: They're nothing short of astonishing, breathtaking, and I don't think possible. I'm pretty sure. I've, checked with a couple other industry, leaders, and they don't think it's possible on any other platform as well. That's crazy.
Xander Simms: Yeah, I'd love to show you exactly, like, what it is. I've written a white paper, and it's repeatable and very, yeah.
Davicho Barona: I need to dig in… I need to dig in with you on this a little bit more, like, offline, because I've only had a chance to kind of explore it, like, on the surface,
Davicho Barona: Can we set up, like, a quick call, actually?
Xander Simms: Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely.
Davicho Barona: Let's go through, let's just go through, like, you know, like, LinkedIn, just… just hit me up, and let's just set up, like, a quick, like, you know, let's set up, like, a 15-minute offline call.
Xander Simms: Okay.
Davicho Barona: Sweet. Yeah, Elle?
Xander Simms: Perfect.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Elle Cardenas: Yeah, actually, yeah, Xander brings up a good question, because I'm starting to talk about Luma a lot at work, and do y'all have, like, kind of, like, just, like, a demo thing that you suggest, like, showing, like, colleagues, et cetera, for, like, branding kits?
Davicho Barona: For branding kits.
Davicho Barona: I actually… so we… I don't know if you guys are… if you guys have looked at any of this Discover content here. If you look on the left side here.
Davicho Barona: we have these kind of starting points. We, a lot of times, will call these seed boards internally, but I actually checked out this the other day, this…
Davicho Barona: design a brand identity seed board here, and when you click on any one of these starting points here, these are basically created with, like, a particular strategy in mind. You'll see the agent starts talking to you, just about this workflow, and in this case, it is a brand identity
Davicho Barona: seed. I'm actually gonna exit out and show you the one that I actually created. But first of all, when you jump in here, you'll see it'll guide you through a process. So in this case, it's like, hey, what brand are we designing for? Give me a name, tell me a little bit about it, the industry, the vibe, the audience, etc. And so you kind of follow the agent's cues, and you start telling it something, and then let me open up
Davicho Barona: One that I… that I created for a buddy of mine who was starting a company. He's starting, like, a… like, a vegetation control company.
David Archer: And it was just like…
Davicho Barona: And, let me just get to it. If you're not talking, please just go ahead and mute. I can guess you're a little bit better.
David Archer: everything I have for my branding guidelines and the…
David Archer: everything I had in Clawed, I just dumped it in there.
Davicho Barona: Can you guys mute real quick, whoever that is?
David Archer: Sleeping infographics.
Davicho Barona: Okay, so check this out. This I followed with the seat itself.
Davicho Barona: And I gave it just this little brief, right? I just said the brand name is Scandi. It's a vegetation management business, helping landowners to manage, like, noxious and nuisance weeds on their ranches, their estates, recreational spaces, etc. I just kind of gave it
Davicho Barona: a brief of what the brand is about, like, what it does, then I ask for, like, some of the visual direction that I know he wants, right? Like.
Davicho Barona: It's kind of a blend of Scandinavian culture, outdoors, Colorado Rocky Mountains, Vikings, and, like, nature, okay? And then the seed just created… and I was like, give me, like, 10 different versions. Actually, I think the seed just did it on its own. And then it's… it came up with these, like, really…
Davicho Barona: spot-on directions for the brand, which included color palettes, some of the visual language, even some mock-ups of what it could be, and I… and I got, like, a bunch of different ones here. Different directions, each one of them, but all pretty complete here.
Davicho Barona: And this was a really, really dope exercise, and you can do this with any kind of brand direction you want.
Elle Cardenas: Well, no, thank you. This is… this is perfect. I wanted something that was, like, already, like, ready, kind of, so I was.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, this will spit out, like, a lot of good stuff. We have, we have a really great technical artist team who's been creating these, these, like, little workflow seed boards, so to speak.
Davicho Barona: My buddy, his name is Gilly, and he, he does a lot of this work, and so hats off to him for doing a lot of this. And you're gonna see more and more of these
Davicho Barona: Of those seeds, those seed boards, or whatever we're gonna end up calling them. Some of them are more finished than others, but the processes work pretty well, and you'll… you'll just be able to see more and more will be coming in, and that shelf will really be filled out.
Elle Cardenas: Cool, thank you.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, for sure. And then, hey, one thing that you can really do that's also really interesting with those seeds is, like… is this in my way? Is, like.
Davicho Barona: in here, I can literally grab, like, everything that I did here, potentially, and I can just tell the agent to basically summarize this into a repeatable workflow text document that then I can just, like, copy-paste into a different board, download.
Davicho Barona: use it again for a different reason if you don't want to come back into the seed and do it, you know, more times or whatever. Once you make this seed, though, like, once you actually run this process, this board becomes yours.
Davicho Barona: Like, now this board lives inside of your own board, so you can come back and repeat it and use it again. But like I said, it's also really easy to just, like, select everything on your board, and then…
Davicho Barona: create a repeatable workflow based on that, and then you can tweak that document however you want. And that's kind of what I wanted to show you here.
Davicho Barona: which, in this case, you may have seen this board. It's just kind of a fun board where I basically, I'm able to turn anything into an emoji. And this is on the Learning Center, this board in particular there.
Davicho Barona: where I, you know, I go from this, like, realistic-looking shot into this.
Davicho Barona: emoji, like, with the real world around it, then I change the skin color to match the original, then I remove the background, and then I removed the shadow, so now it really looks like an emoji, and then I break it out into all the different skin colors.
Davicho Barona: So, and then I'll show you some different examples here of, like, different ways you could use this, this, this demo with these kind of different, prompt variables here, and the variables really just translate to how you want to emojify your image. One is, like, like I showed you before, keeping the whole world around it regular, like, like as it was, and then just emojify the particular subject, like the main subject.
Davicho Barona: or to turn the whole world into emoji, or isolate the subject, and then turn that into emoji and really have the whole background be white, for example. That's what these variables do. However.
Davicho Barona: This feels like, you know, it's kind of a whole process, there's, like, a prompt involved here that I… that I built out, there's the variables, there's, like, this whole process here. But what I did is actually just grab, literally grabbed everything.
Davicho Barona: Including all the other stuff. Like, all this other stuff, it'll… it'll tell it apart. I grabbed everything, and then you can see this on the board as well, like, if you open this up on the Learning Center, I saved this little bit in there too, and then I just…
Davicho Barona: And here, I can tell you… I'm telling you what to do, like, what I am describing right now, so you could… you could see this later. And after I grabbed everything, I just said, distill this process into a repeatable prompt-based workflow tech stock that I can use as an asset on my board, and select any image to run it on.
Davicho Barona: And then it gave me this document here.
Davicho Barona: And in this document, now this is my… this is my asset now. And I'm… and it gives you, like, a 1, 2, 3, 4 step-by-step of how to use this document. Select any image on your canvas, okay. Select this document, okay.
Davicho Barona: Choose a target emoji mode preset below, which, if you go into this document, you'll see the different presets here, you know, preset 1,
Davicho Barona: Preset 2, or whatever, and then…
David Archer: rolled out.
Davicho Barona: just tell the agent to run this prompt on the selected image and insert, like, which preset you want. Or you can just say, run every single preset. And so from there, now I'm able to…
Davicho Barona: just with that selection, without even going through that previous process, then start breaking this out into those multiple presets, the whole world as emoji.
Davicho Barona: The world staying the same as before, and just using the main subject for the emoji transformation, and the cleaning it up and putting it all on white as the emoji.
Davicho Barona: And then you can just select whichever one you want. In this case, and I just said I wanted to see the rider in the classic yellow emoji, skin color, isolated on white. And then I also dropped a prompt of, like, how I made this image here with Uni1.
Davicho Barona: Anyway, I thought that was a really, really interesting process, and just, you can start thinking about how you can summarize anything you did into a little workflow document.
Davicho Barona: in order to then repeat it any other way that you, that you want. And I'm gonna show you another way that I did this that was so much fun. I did the same thing with…
Davicho Barona: Like, trading cards or collectible cards.
Davicho Barona: And, to be able to turn them into,
Davicho Barona: into anything according to my… to my… any given style.
Davicho Barona: Let me see why it's not opening here. Oh.
Davicho Barona: And…
Davicho Barona: I did this… first, I wanted to create, like, a custom tarot deck in some way, like, along a certain style.
Davicho Barona: So I created a document that was basically a universal card deck generator template. The way I did that was, like.
Davicho Barona: pretty much like this. This, build me a reusable workflow for creating a professional… oh, in this case, I was doing, like,
Davicho Barona: I was doing…
Davicho Barona: collectible, like, sports cards. I'm really doing all kinds of different, like, cards. So, I started with, like, sports cards, but it started with that basic prompt, and I just keep hitting this because
Davicho Barona: This reusable workflow is, like, a really important process to make.
Davicho Barona: And so, for me, it was like…
Davicho Barona: it all was stemmed from this prompt, which I have shared with you guys previously. I know some of you guys that have been here have seen this before, but I've been expanding on it from this Build Me a Reusable workflow
Davicho Barona: to build me a reusable prompt-based workflow. And then I say that, and then I kind of insert my outcome here in the brackets, and then I insert how I would trigger it. Like, what kind of input do I want? I could say, like.
Davicho Barona: it will be triggered by me giving you a selfie and hitting and saying run. And my outcome could be, like, a professional
Davicho Barona: Looking, sports card, and then with different presets, you know, for every type of sports car, or every type of sport.
Davicho Barona: with that same process, I made this kind of, like, universal card deck generator, where I can do any kind of card decks, in any kind of style.
Davicho Barona: and I started making this, like, really insane tarot deck in this kind of, like, glitchy, early internet, like, viral meme kind of graphics.
Davicho Barona: And it gave me such amazing results here, where I was able to create all of these different… it's called, like, the Glitch Tarot, and I was able to create all of these different executions, gave me the full 72-card deck.
David Archer: Awesome.
Davicho Barona: And I did the same thing with a playing card deck.
David Archer: Online, Amazon.
Davicho Barona: Like, it literally has every single card here outlined. It has jokers, it has the kings, it has the jacks, I mean, literally everything, and you could, like, probably send this off to print.
David Archer: Bull.
David Archer: inception to…
Davicho Barona: Hang on, can I… can I ask whoever is not muted to mute?
David Archer: Sorry, guys, that's my…
Davicho Barona: No worries, man. I did the same thing with a, a Cars Against Humanity deck, in the same kind of style, and it comes up with all these different…
Davicho Barona: these different quotes and these different things. I mean, it honestly was awesome. I did the same thing with a different style, like this paparazzi, like, National Enquirer kind of tabloid style, as well. I did that for a tarot deck, as well as a playing cards deck.
Davicho Barona: And so just being able to experiment with that was awesome. Like, honestly, so awesome. And then I experimented with, like, how I could do it in different styles. So, like, yes, I have my selfie.
Davicho Barona: That I was doing, like, the sports cards with, or my buddy selfie, but then I also turned my selfie into, like, a zombie selfie, and I was like, will it do the sports cards with me as, like, a zombie? And sure enough, like.
Davicho Barona: I came up with so many great, like, executions of me as a zombie, and some of them are like, this is, like, not correct, but some of them are, like, honestly, like.
Davicho Barona: awesome. And it holds onto everything, all the details of what a real sports card would look like, like a collectible, and then in those different ways. So it handles, like, so many different references that you throw at it, and all I did was literally grab my selfie, like, I just
Davicho Barona: grabbed the… the prompt that I had made for the sports memorabilia collectible card template, my selfie, and I just said, like.
Davicho Barona: run… with every…
Davicho Barona: preset, and every sport, or something like that. And when you go into that document that the agent spit out after me giving it that, like, really basic, like, create a repeatable workflow text document that, that… that makes…
Davicho Barona: professional-looking.
Davicho Barona: sports cards triggered by me giving you a selfie and saying, run. Like, that was literally my prompt to create this document. After that, you'll see it comes up with all these different variables on its own, it comes up with all the different presets.
Davicho Barona: presets on its own, it comes up with all the different sports on its own, and then you can tell it to run in a certain way. So, like, for example, I select the document, select my selfie, and I can say with every sport, I can also say.
Davicho Barona: use Uni One and NanoBanana Pro, so I can compare. I can… I can give it special instructions on how to run that workflow, just by… just by doing it, because now these are assets on my board, if that makes sense. You guys have any questions on any of this? I thought it was super fun.
Davicho Barona: And you can do this with…
Davicho Barona: David, you have your hand up.
Davicho Barona: Were you meaning for that?
Davicho Barona: Anyway, you can do this also with different processes, like, it can be video processes, too. It can be,
Davicho Barona: just anything you can kind of think of that you could turn it into a repeatable workflow, to me, it just makes sense so that at the end of this, I'm going to have a collection of all these text documents that hopefully I want to upload and have those, like, readily available on the Learning Center, that people can just kind of download them, and then you just drop them into your board, you know, like, I can just take this.
Davicho Barona: I can copy it, like, you know, Command-C,
Davicho Barona: I can just, like, start a new board.
Davicho Barona: And then I can just drop this back into my… into my board now. Now I have, like, another…
Davicho Barona: clean on another board, I can take this, and I can, like, select this, and say, like, you know, use this framework to create
Davicho Barona: Another,
Davicho Barona: workflow doc like this, but based around this other subject, or this other thing. So when… when you… when things become an asset on your board, you just need to reference them with the agent, and tell it what you want to do, and what new information you want to create from those references.
Davicho Barona: Super helpful to me, and, like, super fun to do, honestly. Just these repeatable workflows like this.
Davicho Barona: Yeah.
Davicho Barona: That was what I wanted to show you guys today, and…
Davicho Barona: I also did, you know, I kind of… I was kind of messing around with, like, how could this apply to video? So I was doing the same kind of thing. I grabbed two selfies from a couple coworkers here, and with a very basic, like, arcade fighter master prompt here that I… same exact way that I did it, is I was just, like, I was creating these, like, little…
Davicho Barona: videos of… oh my god, that's loud. Of, like, what could this… you know, how could this look like, these kind of, like, fatality moves, and, you know, what it looks like at the end when…
Davicho Barona: And again, this could be changed up. I just let it do all its thing with its style and all its own thing, but, you know, you can see how you can start really crafting all this stuff, and then turning this kind of thing into a video, and being able to, like.
Davicho Barona: Manipulate all these different
Davicho Barona: repeatable workflows into something that really works for you, and for your vision, and for whatever it is that you want to do. Like this one, I haven't tried this one yet, I was just creating it, but I wanted to transform any subject into that, like, matrix, like, digital reign, so I have to try this one now.
Davicho Barona: And how this can really work is, again, just… you just need a basic idea, and then you insert that basic idea as your outcome.
Davicho Barona: for what this new… this flow is supposed to do. And then you'd think about how do you want it to be triggered? Should it be triggered by me giving you a selfie image, or two images, or another, like, written idea? How do I want this to be triggered?
Davicho Barona: And then that… and that's it. And just think about creating these text documents that, again, are now assets on my board, if that makes sense.
Davicho Barona: And if you want to figure out how to do this, also just go into brainstorm mode, and be like, hey, how do… because this is how I started this process to begin with, how do… what is the best way for me to ask you
Davicho Barona: to create a repeatable… workflow.
Davicho Barona: Kind of, like, aim at any asset, like, that's…
Davicho Barona: is me asking what the best way is to achieve prompt, template, and all this stuff, and it gave me great insight. So it was all triggered by my kind of curiosity, and
Davicho Barona: The agent helping me.
Davicho Barona: Craft the workflow and understanding how it wants to be prompted, what the best approach is with it.
Davicho Barona: I have to jump, but…
Davicho Barona: Artur will still be here, hopefully you guys got something out of this. And, I'm gonna stop sharing here. And thank you guys so much for being here. I will be back next week. But yeah.
Davicho Barona: Thank you. I appreciate you guys very much.
Michael Mandaville: Thank you, DeVito.
Davicho Barona: No problem.
Davicho Barona: I will, I will see you guys soon.
Artur Monteiro: Thanks, Davido.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, guys,
Artur Monteiro: Let's continue. You guys have me for the next 20 minutes, maybe more. Let's go. Anyone has any particular question? Just trying to make it this more…
Artur Monteiro: I was talking?
David Archer: Sorry, I do… yeah, I've got a quick.
Artur Monteiro: Yes, vague.
David Archer: Beginner questions, if that's cool.
Artur Monteiro: There's no beginner questions, all are valid questions, and we can address them.
David Archer: Okay, so I'm just… I'm kind of reeling. This is only the second call I've been on, and it's just un… it's crazy what I'm seeing. So basically, I'm trying to make movies.
David Archer: For a hyper-specific reason, and I noticed that there are what I learned are called, hallucinations, or just inconsistencies.
David Archer: And I can see where, you know, for example, inside a clip, which, if I can show it to you, it'd be super helpful.
David Archer: if… rather, if you think that would be super helpful, but basically, in terms of workflow, when I'm watching it, say, like, second 3, I know a wall…
David Archer: turns into a door, and that second 5, maybe it changes the face texture of something. And I noticed when I did it, I put in the prompt, it did the thing, and then it generated, like, all the images, and then the,
David Archer: transition clips between the images, and then ultimately the final product. So my question is, what are… what are some best practices in terms of
David Archer: kind of being able to iterate each step, so that way I can go in and maybe, I guess, approve each, incremental draft before it
David Archer: Models the final result.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, let me see. This, this question has so many layered questions in between. Let me, let me try to… First of all, have you ever used Dream Machine before, or another AI agent, or AI platform?
David Archer: just Arcana once a week for, like, the last few months, until my, my media asset suggested Luma, because he met,
David Archer: Oh, I forget his name, David something, I guess he's one of the main creator.
David Archer: creative engine guys,
David Archer: I probably butchered that title, but anyways, so that's why we just hopped on, like, a few weeks ago. And so the whole thing has just blown my head wide open in terms of what I see possible. I'm just very new to how to function inside this environment.
Dr. Maria Ian: Can I say something real quick? A lot depends on the quality of the base image that you start with.
Dr. Maria Ian: Because some images, they may look great.
Dr. Maria Ian: But they… they're not gonna…
Dr. Maria Ian: or they're gonna work out with problems. There are other images that are not going to give you those problems at all.
Dr. Maria Ian: Yeah, and that'.
David Archer: That's what we noticed.
Dr. Maria Ian: to start.
David Archer: Yeah, thank you. That's what we noticed for, the likeness of the characters, just images I use of myself, and it was, I mean, far and beyond more accurate than what we experienced in Arcana.
David Archer: And I'd say it was 90-plus percent accurate, even across angle changes, so that was, I mean, it was amazing. So some of the…
David Archer: hallucinations were that. Like, at one point, it gave me 3 massive moles on my face, and I… which aren't really there in real life. But then a lot of it would just, like… Again, Arturo, would it just be helpful? Can I just show you the 20-second clip, so you can… because you'll be able to see more than I can describe, I think.
Artur Monteiro: Let me see if you can share the screen, because I think… I don't know I have the permissions, the video has the permissions for share stuff. I don't know if… Can you try if you can? Because I don't think I can. The Vito is there.
Artur Monteiro: the host here. But, first of all, I'm glad you migrated from Arcana, is it, to Luma Agents.
Artur Monteiro: I hope you never leave, because you can find everything you…
Artur Monteiro: you… you need inside Luma Agents, and first of all, regarding hallucinations, every AI platform today, today is April 8th.
Artur Monteiro: We'll elucinate, you know, but we have some strategies to make it respect some consistence, but it's not…
Artur Monteiro: And this date is not 100% in any platform. It has always a risk. So we can make some things to avoid this kind of stuff. Trying to…
Artur Monteiro: first of all, work with keyframes, that this is related with Dr. Maria Ian was saying. We can have, say, the starting point, and then the end point of your movements, you know? So this would help the agent say, okay, this is the starting point, I'm gonna generate this
Artur Monteiro: this movement until the next starting point. I don't know if you know how to do this, but I can show you, just quickly.
David Archer: I'm familiar, yeah, to save some time, I'm familiar with the first frame and final frame approach, and how to, and how Lumen seems to kind of, like, iterate that progressively, so that's… that's definitely super helpful. And not that I'm necessarily looking for perfection, but…
David Archer: just in terms of… in this particular clip, it's more the background. There's a 180-degree pan of the camera, and there's a wall at one point, and as the camera pans halfway through, the wall turns into a very long hallway.
David Archer: Right? So it's just sort of, like, larger, inconsistencies like that, that I feel like if I'm able to go in and say, hey.
David Archer: Change this thing, or have consistency across this, or give it a better prompt.
David Archer: Iteratively, that could potentially avoid those sorts of hallucinations.
Artur Monteiro: let me suggest you something, because I think you have a really common, question, you know, because at this point, we are so amused by the possibilities that all the platforms have, and especially, you know, my agents, that we are trying to treat
Artur Monteiro: platforms, agent platforms like, Jarvis, you know, from this, Iron Man universe, you know, this kind of stuff. We are not there yet.
David Archer: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: And this way, we're not just there yet.
Artur Monteiro: And so, there's some things that I would suggest first to understand what the platform is capable, instead of forcing your vision inside the platform, you know? Sure. Instead of making, why this horse is not flying, let's see what this horse can do.
Artur Monteiro: You know what I mean? So, for example, sometimes I have…
Artur Monteiro: I have this kind of trouble, which I can't control all my elements, so what I try to do is isolate these elements. Let me see if I can find something here. I was trying to make a really… Where it is, where it is, where it is…
Artur Monteiro: I was… yeah, I was trying to make a video with a pigeon in the top of… on the roof of a building, in the top of the building, that I spoke, so I tried some stuff, and in the end, what I realized is that, okay, maybe this is not working, and then I decided to…
Artur Monteiro: Just generate the pigeon.
Artur Monteiro: then I have a control about the pigeon, and then generating my background. So I have two layers of control, because to this day, we still don't have layers of control. We're planning to do this, the team is working.
Artur Monteiro: non-stop, for example, you will have, in the near future, a timeline to edit inside the platform, so there are things that are still in progress, you know? And sometimes we have so… get so amused, oh, this is Jarvis, let me just say.
Artur Monteiro: execute, and then all the things is done. We're still not there yet, it would be so amazing. Go on.
Dr. Maria Ian: Timeline, the timeline you just showed, is that gonna be a timeline of the different iterations of a video?
Artur Monteiro: It's in the future, this is something that, for now, only internal employees have, but this is things that we're just putting on trial, and hopefully I can have a more accurate answer for you. For now, it's just a test. I don't have this answer. You know, I say this is right here, but I don't know how many clips would be.
Artur Monteiro: And I don't have many more information about this. And hopefully, in a couple weeks, we can launch this live, so we can make a demo for you.
Dr. Maria Ian: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: Because that's the thing, we try to make you, solve everything inside a platform, so people are suggesting, hey, we need something to edit as well. Okay, we're on it. And we're working, every day the team has updates.
Artur Monteiro: And, again, but back into the question.
Artur Monteiro: about the seams, sometimes the seams could be some… a little bit difficult. So what I try to do is generate my landscape. For example, this example in particular, you know? Instead of getting frustrated, hey, this agent doesn't understand me, I just try to work around, so I have this
Artur Monteiro: this view of the city, and then I add a nice green screen.
Artur Monteiro: my pigeon, so I have control, I don't know which program you're using to edit, but for example, I'm using Premiere, so I have in Premiere a specific layer of my pigeon.
Artur Monteiro: And that's how I could solve the situation, because sometimes it's too much for the platform to process, so you have to break it down in steps.
Artur Monteiro: You know? So, that's the thing, it's so powerful, but sometimes we're just so excited, oh, we can do everything, we're not there yet. We'll be so happy if we were. You know, JR will execute my agenda today. We're not…
Artur Monteiro: We will get there.
David Archer: So, in terms of, in terms of just being efficient with
David Archer: how I'm communicating in the new environment, would you say order of operations could be, obviously, quality of reference images, or reference video I'm providing, but then next move would be just to really
David Archer: just a very efficient, prompt, and then if I'm still having issues, for example, with the background, then I can create them separately and just layer.
Artur Monteiro: Yes, having separate… if you feel the scene is too complex to have all set up, you can break it down the scenes and have layers. I use the greenback screen because I can, after that, select the chroma key and isolate this green screen and have all the alpha channel.
Artur Monteiro: For just the pigeon, you know? But this is too specific, maybe you're just trying to make a short film, and what I would like to suggest is break it down the steps. What… do you have a character sheet with all the positions?
Artur Monteiro: Let me give you an example, because I thought it was…
Artur Monteiro: maybe too silly to show, but people keep… keeps me asking to show it. So, I don't know, maybe I'll show this real quick. If you feel that's not for you, you can… you can tell me.
David Archer: Anything you share is gonna be… anything you.
Artur Monteiro: Amazing.
David Archer: Because I'm… I'm… again, I use iMovie, like, 1.0. Like, it's super basic. I'm not a movie maker. I'm just trying to create something for my clients that puts them in the visual of a movie that they're trying to achieve in real life.
David Archer: So that's the.
Artur Monteiro: Cool.
David Archer: It's the whole idea.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, so let's see how much time I get. Yeah, I think we have the time. So, cool. Just raise your hand, I'm gonna go through, step by step, how I made this really silly, not pretentious.
Artur Monteiro: video with Luma agents. This was supposed to be a test, and then it becomes something funnier. Let me know if you guys can hear the sound. You should be hearing a ticking clock.
Audio shared by Artur Monteiro: Yep.
Artur Monteiro: Are you guys aware of this topic, just in case? It's not technical, but it's an interesting question.
Artur Monteiro: Do you guys understand what this is all about?
David Archer: No, I haven't heard.
Artur Monteiro: Okay, so I have to Google this.
Artur Monteiro: A month ago, there's this really bizarre story regarding… saying that, you know this competition where the skiers jump? You know, there's a ramp, and then they jump?
Artur Monteiro: It started a rumor that they are just injecting hyaluronic acid in their
Artur Monteiro: inferior parts to have some sort of competitive advantage. I thought this was so bizarre, so, oh, this could be a funny story, and I'm gonna use it to test the Luma model, you know?
Artur Monteiro: So then I started to break it down in parts, and let me show you guys how I did. Let me show you my board.
Artur Monteiro: It's called Meet a Bizarre Story, here.
Artur Monteiro: So cool, let me just start… make a starting point. So, again, this is my process.
Artur Monteiro: I'm sure you guys can have a different one. This is what's working for me.
Artur Monteiro: And sometimes people are curious because it has multiple characters and multiple colors, so it's useful for some people to
Artur Monteiro: to break it down this process. So, for example, first of all, I explain the agent what I'm trying to achieve, because I like to treat the agent like a partner with me, not just
Artur Monteiro: this, this person or this entity that's gonna execute my stuff. I say, hey, I have this story, it's bizarre.
Artur Monteiro: And then the agent has some sense of humor and tries to say, okay, I know where you're going, let's see how we can break down steps what we're trying to achieve.
Artur Monteiro: And in the top of that, I… I was stressing the model. Hey, let's see if Luma Agents can handle 6 characters at once.
Artur Monteiro: And then I start to craft this story. It's supposed only to be a stress test to see how far I can stretch this model.
Artur Monteiro: You know?
Artur Monteiro: People are stalking the shit, oh, thank you, Sandra, thank you, when I'm not lucky too much, I'll get in touch with you soon. So, going back to the project. So, I started to break down the project.
Artur Monteiro: And I have… since I have some advertisement background, I try to think like a producer, you know?
Artur Monteiro: where are my actors? What are they using? What are the clothes? What's the location? Where are they… are the cities? And so I start to break it down in steps, and after talking with the agent, I try to lock down some visual sets.
Artur Monteiro: For example, yeah, let's define that we have start white walls. Now, this is the final report after iterating with the agent, say, let's lock up some stuff to be our starting point. You know, like David said, that
Artur Monteiro: every conclusion you have, it's interesting to make a summary and put inside the agents. This is what I'm doing. So I'm defining the lighting, I'm defining the color palette, you know.
Artur Monteiro: All this kind of stuff, because just in case, the agent can reach out to this document and make some consultations.
Artur Monteiro: And then I started to break down the characters. Okay, let's put it the most…
Artur Monteiro: different color patterns to see if it can handle consistency. So I'm starting to do some stuff, trying to do some different, races as well.
Artur Monteiro: ethnicities.
Artur Monteiro: And then I started to think, okay, this is a story, it doesn't happen too much, this is supposed to be silly, so it's a story that doesn't happen anything, maybe let's do it some in a waiting room.
Artur Monteiro: What they do, they just wait. It doesn't… this… this story doesn't move forward. And then I started to make some… some general shots, then I make the decision to make it even wider. This is, like, 21…
Artur Monteiro: Per 9 aspect ratio, this is really wide. It's not the typical 16x9.
Artur Monteiro: Then I've started to make some iterations. I arrived to this set here, and said, okay.
Artur Monteiro: With this, I think I have something to make this story around all this steel frame. This is my hero shot, for example.
Artur Monteiro: I have maybe a name to Cheryl, and people can ask, what's gonna happen? Is there anyone missing? Why are these guys still wearing these skis? What's going on? It's so bizarre. And I thought it could be entertaining.
Artur Monteiro: Because again, I… I don't like to stress models, you know, every time people get some model, they do fight scenes, explosions.
Artur Monteiro: or use, IPs and, you know, cartoons and superheroes. I tried to do more, on the ground stories to make this kind of test. So then I started to make some… some…
Artur Monteiro: some tests about what's the value of the frame. It should be closer, should be a little bit,
Artur Monteiro: Far from the camera.
Artur Monteiro: And then I said, okay, now let me break down all the characters. I need a hero shot, a starting frame, a starting point, kind of this value of the framing.
Artur Monteiro: And then I took the work to…
Artur Monteiro: the effort to do every character sheet for each one of my 6 characters. 7, if you… if you count to the… with the doctor.
Artur Monteiro: So I'm starting to say, this is the pattern, this is exactly what's supposed to be each one of the clothes. And then, like a normal production
Artur Monteiro: an analogic production, the actors would send me their casting cards. Here's me, here's me from the side, here's my emotion. So I crafted all these variations.
Artur Monteiro: Of each one of my characters. So, the… when the agents need a really specific expression, he has where to consult, you know?
Artur Monteiro: So I did this laughing, crying, he's worried, he's just looking to the side, and I did this for…
Artur Monteiro: almost every character, I think this one I didn't do the side, but it was necessary.
Artur Monteiro: But some variations, because it helps the model to understand, okay, this face, this is the limit that can make about an expression.
Artur Monteiro: You know? So I did this with all…
Artur Monteiro: the cast, then I establish, these are my ski suits, you can deviate for this, this… the pattern should be always this, and I purposely choose some difficult ones.
Artur Monteiro: So if… to see if the agent can… could keep up.
Artur Monteiro: Then I started to craft my story, and sometimes it's just thinking, should I have some close shots, some far shots?
Artur Monteiro: I even had some really amazing
Artur Monteiro: stills that I didn't use it, but for example, if you guys see this one, you can see the pores of the skin, you know, you can see the sweats, you can see the… the difference of focus from the tip of the nose, and then in the cheek, and… so some… some stuff were so interesting, but it was not useful for me to tell my story.
Artur Monteiro: And…
Artur Monteiro: I try some different shots, different positions, and then in the end, I'm starting to think, okay, now I need to actually create a story, maybe there's some…
Artur Monteiro: Someone that is already doing some stuff, and these guys are just waiting.
Artur Monteiro: And then… what I did? Let me show you some things that didn't work, because sometimes it feels like we always show you the perfect stuff. This shot didn't work out, this… this rejection stuff.
Artur Monteiro: And by the way, just is a question that pops a lot.
Artur Monteiro: What does this rejection means, you know?
Artur Monteiro: Sometimes it's just the agent that makes the self-evaluation.
Artur Monteiro: But it's also useful, and was the main purpose, when you're working with teams, because this board can be shared with a team. For example, I could create a team with all of us in this call to make a share.
Artur Monteiro: project, and what happens? Sometimes you have this text here. I just did a right-click on my screen, and then this
Artur Monteiro: options are gonna pop, and then we have some tags. So maybe you have… working with a co-partner, with a team, and say, hey, this needs review. Hey, this is a proven, let's move it on. So this is a label team that was designed
Artur Monteiro: To work with teams.
Artur Monteiro: And since the agent can make this evaluation by itself, it already says, hey, I think this, we didn't land it good, don't worry, this is gonna… it's not gonna cost you credits.
Artur Monteiro: This is really important. The other thing that is rejected, the system knows it shouldn't charge you guys.
Artur Monteiro: But it's a question that we get a lot.
Artur Monteiro: So cool. We had this, the scenes. I didn't like them, exactly.
Artur Monteiro: made tons of them, because I need to say, hey, this is a story that doesn't happen anything, maybe I just can make some…
Artur Monteiro: Some funny stuff with the planes, because this is a frame study, you know?
Artur Monteiro: So…
Artur Monteiro: then I think, no, I think I just jump it right on the bed, the bottom part. Then I started to think, maybe we need a door scene. What is?
Artur Monteiro: You see, the boards are not supposed to be perfect, like the V2 ones are, because he prepares those boards for teaching, so it needs to be kind of perfect. Unusual board is kind of a mess, you know? Then I moved it to the door, seeing where's my doorknob? Here. I started to think, hey, maybe I should have a…
Artur Monteiro: A close shot of a doorknob, and…
Artur Monteiro: more scenes that I didn't like, it… it worked good. I think, especially for skin tones, if you guys want to use UniOne, one of our models, it's amazing. I really, at least personally, I know I'm biased.
Artur Monteiro: to saying that I love things from Luma, but you can see the results by themselves.
Artur Monteiro: Then I started to make more close-ups, more shots, I think I got the magazine one. Where are the magazine? Yes, this magazine one, I use it.
Artur Monteiro: Then I started to think, yeah, we need some bizarre stuff, and I purposely, on purpose, used this reference of exaggerated persons, people.
Artur Monteiro: that made their… the… injected something on their faces. So I would like to think, okay, maybe this doctor has this perfect face with so many hyaluronic accents on their… on her face.
Artur Monteiro: And then I started to make, also, her character sheet. What does she look like with the…
Artur Monteiro: Her hair tie, or maybe she has an accessory.
Artur Monteiro: And then I move out to a color grading, because I establish right on my scene where the seam should be, and kind of the tint of my white tones should be a little bit to the greenish.
Artur Monteiro: So I just put my character inside of the color grading, and then again, some positions of her. Every character I do, I like to…
Artur Monteiro: Teach the model the different nuances and positions of my character.
Artur Monteiro: Then, I started to think, okay, she's the doctor, and maybe she has a wall with prides, with all her patients, so let's make this joke as well. All her patients have exaggerated lips, exaggerated chin, you know, you know, this kind of stuff. Hey, I'm doing… I did, we… I approved this doctor.
Artur Monteiro: Then I did some stuff, some images lost the tones, so I just left it here, because that is useful to teach the model, hey, this is not good.
Artur Monteiro: Then I selected someone, put it on the frame, because this is a story, I'm not using dialogue, so I just have to tell it all visually.
Artur Monteiro: Put it on a frame, put several on a frame here.
Artur Monteiro: more images I didn't use.
Artur Monteiro: Cool.
Artur Monteiro: And then I started to think, since I don't have a dialogue, I need to solve some things.
Artur Monteiro: With physical humor, you know, some, some, some weird stuff.
Artur Monteiro: then I started to think, if I have these guys, maybe we have…
Artur Monteiro: a scene where the door opens. Let's see what happens with this door. So I crafted… I used a reference from this… this frame from Mad Men in… and also, let me give you guys a tip. I use a platform that's called ShotDeck. It's like a platform where
Artur Monteiro: every movie, every series has stills, so people can work with references. So it's a platform to grab
Artur Monteiro: Framing references. I use it a lot.
Artur Monteiro: So, I just…
Artur Monteiro: grab it, because I remember the scene, but I didn't have the frame, I didn't know how to explain to the platform, so I remember the scene from Mad Men, where it has this cast scene.
Artur Monteiro: And the camera is a little bit low, and there's a door, there's some… there's an action from the right side that's coming from the left side.
Artur Monteiro: That, sorry, the left side from the right side.
Artur Monteiro: So I use it as a reference to make this stuff.
Artur Monteiro: And sometimes the stuff got wrong, you know? Because sometimes I have this and kind of keep changing my suits, and then I have to remember, hey, this is not the suit.
Artur Monteiro: And this is a really interesting…
Artur Monteiro: step by step. I had the scene, but then I said, hey, I… we…
Artur Monteiro: miss the… the suits, let's put it back again. And then we did!
Artur Monteiro: And then I realized that maybe this proposal here, that the…
Artur Monteiro: the agent did. It's two Power Rangers, you know? It can distract people, it seems like the pink Power Ranger suit, so I say, oh, this is not working, let me change that. And by the way, the door isn't on the wrong side, because you guys remember we have to lock up continuity. It's gonna open.
Artur Monteiro: to the left. So I just said, you know, and also, great tip, guys, in the toolbar, we have these shapes and the doodle. You can doodle inside the platform, and you can make an X, hey, this is the point, let me just show you guys, I just said that to the model.
Artur Monteiro: Hey, this is the wrong side, this should be the proper side.
Artur Monteiro: And then it pulled it back. David Archer asks, the site's called Shot Deck. Let me just type it here on the chat.
Artur Monteiro: Cool.
Artur Monteiro: So, you guys see? Let me go back again. You can doodle, this is the toolbar below, you can have this D, or you can just directly press D, because it's a shortcut, and you can
Artur Monteiro: say, this is not the face, for example. You could do this. It helps to… because what we're trying to say that some people express themselves better in text, sometimes people just grab the references and put it on the site, and we want to give tons of tools to you so you can express yourselves like you prefer.
Sherif Mokbel: Can I ask a quick question, Artur?
Artur Monteiro: Yes.
Sherif Mokbel: Sorry, when you… when you do the annotations, so how do I, talk to the agent to tell it, like, okay, here's this, like, do I select the image with the annotation? Exactly. Do you follow what I did?
David Archer: the.
Artur Monteiro: Exactly. I had some colleagues that like to make a screenshot. It works, too. You can go either way.
David Archer: from this shot that I caught.
David Archer: from movies. Yes.
Artur Monteiro: Thank you.
Artur Monteiro: I think David's on the phone. David?
David Archer: shoes.
David Archer: Shit to fit, whatever.
Artur Monteiro: David.
David Archer: That are very popular, popular, and use those…
David Archer: Reference images as the stake for each board.
Artur Monteiro: David, let me go on. Sorry, guys.
David Archer: a different color.
Artur Monteiro: So.
David Archer: So the walls of different…
Artur Monteiro: I made this annotation here.
Artur Monteiro: Yes, I could mute David. Cool. So I just corrected the stuff, and then, like I said, I think… I thought that the suit was Sue Power Ranger, Sue Pink Power Ranger, and then I changed it.
Artur Monteiro: In the end.
Artur Monteiro: And then again, I think it was… I don't remember who was talking to me about this project. I have the keyframes, so I have a keyframe where…
Artur Monteiro: all the six guys are looking forward, then another keyframe where they're all looking to the right, you know, and then the action's gonna happen. So I'm preparing the starting point, what I want to happen, and then the last point. This really helps me to have control of my scene.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, I just did this part, and then…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, the… the last one, in which the… the doctor is going to enter the door, really, really challenging, because again, I need to stress them all. I need you to control each element.
Artur Monteiro: of the scenic actor of the scene in a different way. So I made some iterations, trying to evaluate the framing, and then I end up with this selection here.
Artur Monteiro: You know, because I have the empty door, and then the doctor in the door.
Artur Monteiro: And the guy's looking to her, so I can make this situation from A to B.
Artur Monteiro: Cool. I upscale… I always like to upscale the images, you know, to have better quality. I don't know if you guys know how to do this. With the right click, you have the upscale. There it is.
Artur Monteiro: No, I had to select an image. Yeah, I have to select an image.
Artur Monteiro: Where… No. What is… They changed the position, let me see in here.
Artur Monteiro: Or you can just ask the agent, hey, can you upscale this? You know?
Artur Monteiro: It is, I think, should be simpler.
Artur Monteiro: And I think they changed the position of the skillic. It used to be here. I'm gonna find out and tell you guys later.
Elle Cardenas: Artara, I have a quick question. When you're planning your shots, how much are you controlling, like, each little segment, and, like, how much are you letting the agent control the motion between, yeah, between, like.
Elle Cardenas: different frame set to different frameset, because I feel like that's where I'm struggling right now, is just, like, in the planning.
Artur Monteiro: I usually have something in mind. This is a really good question, because sometimes it's, yeah, the agency's not understanding me, you know, the people get crazy.
Artur Monteiro: I have something kind of planning in mind, you know, and sometimes if I…
Artur Monteiro: I think the agent can't do it, I just try another approach.
Artur Monteiro: Because, for example, I had the original planning for this scene, instead of the skiing comes out of the door, skiing, like he was just having a snow floor. I wanted to make this duck walk.
Artur Monteiro: you know, so weird, and I think it would be, like, multi-Python kind of humor, but the agent couldn't kind of deliver this kind of stuff.
Artur Monteiro: So what I did is, okay, let me see what it can do. And then it brought me this suggestion of this key, and I said, okay, it works.
Artur Monteiro: Sometimes I just don't fight.
Artur Monteiro: the agent, but again, this is a test. If you guys have a commercial project, you guys need to lock this stuff, so the best stuff is having keyframes, and small keyframes. Maybe, for example, I'm gonna go…
Artur Monteiro: I'm gonna advance, and then in the last scene with the nurse's eyes, I'm gonna give you a tip, because I think I used 5 keyframes in this scene.
Artur Monteiro: But let me move forward. And then…
Artur Monteiro: a really good proof of the agent's sense of humor, because the agent understood what I'm trying to achieve. They, hey, this is a satyr, this is irony. And then I started to say, I need a magazine, because since we don't have dialogues, I need to explain with a magazine cover, you know, this kind of, theater kind of solution to tell the story.
Artur Monteiro: This is… goes back to the…
Artur Monteiro: to the black and white movies. So I started to say, I need some magazines. Can you help me think about these magazines? And it didn't disappoint. You know, let me just…
Artur Monteiro: When it said injected with controversy, I say, oh, dude, you know, you earned the spot!
Artur Monteiro: You know, the agent had the sense of humor, I know what you're trying to achieve. So all these titles here are generated by the platform, and had the sense of the perfect humor to put the syringes, the flasks, you know, in this context. For example, Alpine Weekly could be a realistic magazine.
Artur Monteiro: It has this interactive controversy, maybe it's a podium.
Artur Monteiro: So I started to iterate.
Artur Monteiro: A little bit.
Artur Monteiro: injective controversy. I was so amazed, dude, so dude, you can really understand me. So this is… this is… because we always treat, like, a machine with no sense, you know? Especially no sense of humor. And then when it said the sport under the skin, I said, that's it. The name of my short film, it was gonna be under the skin.
Artur Monteiro: It's amazing, it's subtle, it's right on the spot. And then it's keep it capitating.
Artur Monteiro: The exit question, or injective controversy, the breaking point.
Artur Monteiro: And instead, I say, oh, it's almost there, let's try to convey some stuff.
Artur Monteiro: More options here, and more excellent options. Let me… I don't know if you guys can see, but are you guys seeing this reflex here? The mountain and the newscaster here?
Artur Monteiro: The quality of this model is amazing.
Artur Monteiro: And…
Sherif Mokbel: Is this union?
Artur Monteiro: And the scheme.
Sherif Mokbel: By the way?
Artur Monteiro: Yeah. Yeah, you knew it.
Artur Monteiro: And then, again, ski, all this stuff.
Artur Monteiro: And then I said.
Sherif Mokbel: Can I interrupt again? Yes? I'm not sure why Uni One is giving me very faded images, you know? Like, I spoke in the beginning, and I was saying it's giving me, like, pale HDR-looking images many times.
Sherif Mokbel: I'm not sure if…
Sherif Mokbel: if I have a different Uni One version or what, but whenever I try to say something, you know, whether it has a bit of a medium contrast or whatever, and try to explain things.
Sherif Mokbel: just gives me very faded stuff, and it was like, it's not really working much, so I don't know, is there any setting that I need to do that I'm not aware of, or what? Because this is…
Sherif Mokbel: It looks really good, but I haven't really gotten anything remotely close to this.
Artur Monteiro: What could be happening? I'm not in the backend story, but we are always updating our tools, so maybe you got a really different batch of the model. I would say, for now, just try nanobanana, and then compare again if you like better which model, because
Artur Monteiro: I can't do this stuff with you, with anyone, you guys are seeing the proof right here, but sometimes with the updating and the training of the model, sometimes we got a batch with too much faded images, or too much dark images, so it would affect us. It's not permanently.
Artur Monteiro: I'm sure the guys are just, working on it.
Artur Monteiro: So, for now, I would say try Nano Banana, and then when you want to, just go back to a new one.
Sherif Mokbel: Okay, thank you.
Artur Monteiro: Cool. Again, Alpine with… Open Weekly, Controversy, Flask, and say, you're kind of on the spot, but I don't know if I… because I need to solve the story with two magazines.
Artur Monteiro: So I have the framing again, I… since this is a waiting room, should be tons of magazines in a small table.
Artur Monteiro: I'm trying to say this should be, like, in a front view, it should be an upper view, that's why… where Shot Deck helps me a lot, because sometimes I can't…
Artur Monteiro: kind of visualize, and then I see, I don't know, a Breaking Bad movie, because it's fa… Breaking Bad series, because it's fa… it's famous for its framing, creative framing.
Artur Monteiro: And then it gives me an idea, oh, this is interesting, how I should tell this scene. The action's going from this side to the other side, this is the solution.
Artur Monteiro: I think for this, yeah, I used some framings from Shottec. This could be interesting, cut the magazine a little bit, some briefing air to the side, because I'm gonna put the new… the new magazine.
Artur Monteiro: This was the selected one. Injective controversy, Winter Olympic sports, and a crisis.
Artur Monteiro: And then I had the other magazine, let me just open a little bit here.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, let me go with the selected frames. This is my process, again, you guys…
Artur Monteiro: take what you feel it works for you. You should then have to try to imitate in me. Things you can use it, things you can't. It's just, I think it's useful so you guys can understand another possibility, different, maybe, from what you guys do. So I have my main storyboard, because I'm a traditional
Artur Monteiro: creative, so I prefer to do the storyboards to understand if the scene is working, and then I start animating. I'm starting to make the stuff, so I have here…
Artur Monteiro: my image, my final image, and then the animation. Sometimes this is two animations, sometimes it's an extension… an extension from more than 5 seconds. And by the way, all the animations you saw here were all done in Ray.
Artur Monteiro: Ray Free, what is it called? Free… Free… free.
Artur Monteiro: 14. They call rate pi, you know, for the riglik symbol.
Artur Monteiro: So, this was the model. I know people say VO is amazing playing, but I… again.
Artur Monteiro: I'm trying to use all Luma stuff to produce this kind of stuff, to produce this kind of short film. So again, I have this… this stuff here.
Artur Monteiro: And then when I'm satisfied… Yes, David.
David Archer: I think you just showed me, but I blinked and, then you clicked out of the menu. I didn't realize that we could choose different
David Archer: video models.
Artur Monteiro: Oh, dude, you're missing the fun stuff! I was!
David Archer: But, so you just clicked on something. Where…
Artur Monteiro: Yes, that's a waste.
Artur Monteiro: You can go.
David Archer: Oh, I'd pick.
Artur Monteiro: You can choose whenever you want, but how you can access is right here on the bottom toolbar, you can have generate image, you have different image models.
Artur Monteiro: FCDream as well.
Artur Monteiro: And we have generate video, we have all these models.
Artur Monteiro: But what you just saw… yes, go on.
David Archer: Oh, I think you're just about to answer the question. All the things you're using today are native to Luma?
Artur Monteiro: No, what I just tried in this project is I constrained myself to only use the Luma models instead of the third-party models, because I wanted to highlight its capabilities. So I use a Uni one, that's Uni one here. You… I could choose Nano Banana, Nano Banana Pro, it's up to you guys, but in this project.
Artur Monteiro: I constrain myself to only use the Luma products.
Artur Monteiro: Then I use this variation here, right?
Sherif Mokbel: Nano Banana, is it Nano Banana 2, or this is Nano Banana, the original one?
Artur Monteiro: Nano Banana 1 and Nano Banana Pro. We still don't have the two.
Artur Monteiro: Personally, I don't find it appealing. I… if I had to choose, Nano Banana Pro would be the second choice. First Uni one, and the second choice would be this one.
Artur Monteiro: They're the pro version.
Artur Monteiro: generate video here, and also if I right-click on the middle of my Canva, I can access the same toolbar, so maybe I'm in a place
Artur Monteiro: Or maybe I have a really small screen. Now I just did 200%, but this is my 100%. I have a big screen. And sometimes it's too… it gets too small to make a presentation, so I just try to make it bigger. But I also can just make a right-click. All the…
Artur Monteiro: Options that are in the bottom bar are also here.
Artur Monteiro: Cool. Let me…
Artur Monteiro: Go ahead. So I have my scenes, this is the animation, then I decide the… this one, this will be the animation.
Artur Monteiro: Then I'm… sometimes the model approves itself. I tried to put this clock, then when I was making the edit, I find it didn't work, so I just choose this clock.
Artur Monteiro: You know, because it helps me to understand the video, but when you put it all together, you can see if it works or not. The pacing, and the changing of frame, you know?
Artur Monteiro: And then we have the clock, and also the clock is hard to… to get it. I just cut it 3 seconds of my clock, because sometimes it's just not following the same sound of my click.
Artur Monteiro: You guys remember the ticking clock. So I just tried to…
Artur Monteiro: Again, I have 9 seconds, and I use 3. This is also helpful to me. I have bigger seconds, and then when I'm editing, I say, I don't need this much, so I started cutting.
Artur Monteiro: Then this shot, it did a really excellent job with,
Artur Monteiro: blurrying, you know, because it has to change the focus. So this is my main focus here, this is my… what the action is happening, and then blurring the… the guys.
Artur Monteiro: Then I had,
Artur Monteiro: this was kind of simple, because this was a statue shop with a little bit of subtle movements, you know? This kind of stuff that people use in documentaries that thinks… that seems that the camera is handheld, you know? I think it brings realism to the story.
Artur Monteiro: Made the framework, The frame wall, sorry. Then another…
Artur Monteiro: another shot. This was really tricky, because in the previous scene.
Artur Monteiro: the guy with the orange suit already put down the magazine, so I had to redo this kind of stuff.
Artur Monteiro: You know, in the end, it works good, it worked good. Then the anxiety lag, because it subtle communicates that this is a waiting room, I'm losing all my patience.
Artur Monteiro: the famous eye shot. This is really amazing, guys, really amazing, because
Artur Monteiro: Are you able to see the difference of focusing? You know, here's the focus, here is not focusing, here is not focused. So this is the area, so it has this depth.
Artur Monteiro: And then I made…
Sherif Mokbel: question about the realism, you know, of the skin, and so on. A couple of times it happened that I generated something that doesn't look very realistic, like this one, and I wanted to give it, you know, like, the direction of, okay, can you make the skin pores, you know, very prominent, or whatever, you know, like, realism. But my question mainly, I mean, I will start having to prompt it to do so, but I'm just curious on how
Sherif Mokbel: Did it kind of know already without you really telling it, that
Sherif Mokbel: It's gonna create something very realistic from the beginning.
Sherif Mokbel: You know, like, my project had, like, realistic-looking things in the beginning, but once I got close, it looked a little bit fake. So, is there something in the prompting you do, or when you're asking the agent, is there a couple of tricks that you do to ensure you get this kind of realism?
Artur Monteiro: Yes, now I'm… I can talk. One of tip IQDUC is… because, again, I don't have to say… I don't want to say that you have to…
Artur Monteiro: Have my secret grandmother pie.
Artur Monteiro: receipt, you know? I don't like to treat this prompting like a receipt, because… and I also can give you the prompt that generated this, it's not an issue for me, because it's not gonna generate everything I did.
Artur Monteiro: because I have teacher the model my settings.
Artur Monteiro: in the beginning of the project, I established my lens, my framing. Every time you do a close shot, you're gonna do this lens. I have this knowledge, because I work with it, but
Artur Monteiro: The agent can absorb every amount of information you give to him.
Artur Monteiro: And when you're starting to lock up, like, a pre-production.
Artur Monteiro: kind of process. So, this will be my cameras, this is where the lighting is gonna happen, how the lighting is gonna be portrayed. This is an up view, do you have to have a left side? And if you don't know this, just ask the agent, you know? I need more realism with this. What could work?
Artur Monteiro: So I don't want to say, oh, you need to go to cinema…
Artur Monteiro: university to get this kind of stuff. I don't want to sell you that. You can learn this from the agent, and you can ask help from the agent, you know? Try not to think that I need the secret sauce from…
Artur Monteiro: Coca-Cola to do this kind of stuff. You can… you already have the tools, but you need to explore a little bit more.
Artur Monteiro: Does that make sense? I mean, am I too philosophical in this kind of answer?
Sherif Mokbel: No, sometimes I kind of feel it's, as people say, it's a slot machine, you know, sometimes I start.
Artur Monteiro: No.
Sherif Mokbel: A friend of mine who's using Luma as well, and he, like, he did a couple of things, and he showed me, he's like, oh, wow, this is amazing. You know, like, when Uni One.
Artur Monteiro: was launched.
Sherif Mokbel: And I was telling him, oh, let me check it out. And I tried a couple of things, and it's like, it's not really… I'm not really getting the great results you're getting, you know? I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong, you know? So… and then now, you know, showing us, it's like, okay, it seems simple enough, but, you know, like, when you go and try to do it…
Artur Monteiro: share the prompt, use the prompt, you know, but it's not gonna get the same result, not because it's a slot machine, but because you didn't teach the model how I teach them.
Artur Monteiro: Does that make sense? Because, for example, I'm saying, use my image once, so I'm just referencing another image.
Artur Monteiro: As the color grading reference. Apply clinical… Go on.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah, my concern, which I shared with you over the email, you know, when I kind of started the project, and it started off really well, it's like the first generation was, oh, this is great, okay, can you give me some more options, you know?
Sherif Mokbel: And things started going downhill from there, like, really, really badly downhill. I was like, okay, now this is… physics is wrong, and everything else is wrong. It's like, and I had to start another project.
Sherif Mokbel: to say, okay, but still things started to go wrong. It starts well, but then it goes wrong.
Sherif Mokbel: And I'm just impressed at how things kept looking consistently good in yours. And this is where I'm thinking as well, is there something that I need to do or I'm not doing? You know, this is why… it's the consistency of staying on the good level, rather than starting good and then going bad exponentially.
Artur Monteiro: I… I… Which consistence doing this?
Artur Monteiro: kind of work, BZB kind of work, you know? I teach the model every once of what I wanted.
Sherif Mokbel: Like, it's very accepted, like the project I was working on this morning, I was trying to kind of teach the model what is right and what is wrong by tagging.
Artur Monteiro: Yes.
Sherif Mokbel: by rejected and approved, and so on. And I kept…
Artur Monteiro: Okay, this is a good point, sorry, I have to interrupt you. When you do this tagging stuff, you're not teaching the model. Is this something that you guys are doing as well? This doesn't teach the model.
Artur Monteiro: I need to clarify this.
Artur Monteiro: This is not teaching the model. Again, this is something that we made for teams, so they can communicate better, because sometimes we have 15 iterations, and then one is just the one
Artur Monteiro: the choosing one. So this is a tech meant for teams, so maybe you're working with, I don't know, you can share this with your boss, I don't know if you have a boss, but with your boss, and then he can say, approve, but this is the one I wanted.
Artur Monteiro: So next time you join, like, a Figma file, like a Google Slides file, that everyone can jump in the same file. So this tag is to better… to improve the communication between the teams.
Artur Monteiro: However, we use this as well, because every generation the model does, does a self-Q&A.
Artur Monteiro: And then already say, oh, sorry, this, it didn't get, didn't generate it well, but this is not teaching.
Sherif Mokbel: And this is…
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, let me clarify.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Artur Monteiro: Really important.
Sherif Mokbel: Yes.
Sherif Mokbel: I mean, but, like, the one thing that happened before, which I shared over email as well, is, like, it started generating things that are completely wrong, and it's obviously wrong, you know, the physics and the geometry of everything is, like, the perspective was off, and everything was wrong, but then it didn't tag it. You know, like, when it auto-tags, or kind of auto, like, reviews itself and realized, oh, this is wrong.
Sherif Mokbel: But it didn't do that. And some other generations that were actually looking good, it tagged it that they're wrong, or like… and it had to regenerate it. It's like.
Sherif Mokbel: you're starting to get it wrong, you know, like, you're seeing things opposite. So, in that case, I wasn't sure what to do other than just start a new project, and it's like, okay, I don't know, the agent kind of started losing its capability to know what is right and what is wrong, see what I mean? This is why I started looking, maybe the tagging would help or something.
Artur Monteiro: This is the first stuff I generated. After iterating, after giving some references, so let… let's have a setting.
Artur Monteiro: you should always follow the cell in this teaching.
Artur Monteiro: You know, you're always gonna have, let me know anymore, soft shadows. So, the camera, yeah, it could be some lens like this to cap… to capture. And some stuff, the agent itself proposed it to me.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah.
Artur Monteiro: Yeah, because I take my time to debate. I take the time to debate with the agents before starting the project, because again, I treat him like a co-creative.
Artur Monteiro: You know, partner, instead of just execution it. And then we said, what do you think about this stuff? Oh, it should be like, I think in one place, he said, do you… are you looking for something, similar to Severance, this series from Apple TV? And I said, yes, I… I am! And then it added here, matches your Severance reference. You know, do you guys know Severance?
Sherif Mokbel: Serious?
Artur Monteiro: But, again, the agent is proposing me stuff, because I'm guiding him, I need to reach this kind of stuff, this kind of comedy, so this is the style.
Artur Monteiro: I think sometimes people just jump direct to creating stuff instead of taking this time to debate a little bit with the agents, you know? I'm not saying that you are doing this, but from the.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah.
Artur Monteiro: thousands of webinars that we've been doing. This kind of happens a lot.
Artur Monteiro: Because it's, like, the interpretation of what NOMA agents is capable.
Sherif Mokbel: Yes.
Artur Monteiro: Is that clear?
Sherif Mokbel: Super quick question about, yeah, super quick question about this, you know, paragraph that you have. So, when I started any projects, Luma itself creates this one, which, many times it nails it, you know, perfectly in the first time.
Sherif Mokbel: But, I had… I had a project as well where I was trying to describe the lighting and the coloring in the… in the project, but I did that outside in… on Clod.
Sherif Mokbel: So, and I took the DNA of it, and I pasted it in there. Would it still understand it, or would it still also refer to it, or does it have to be generated by Luma?
Artur Monteiro: No, no, you can't put, external things. Sometimes I… I had some people doing stuff for me in cloud, then I grabbed the summary of it, and then I just put it inside Luma as my starting point.
Sherif Mokbel: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: And I think you said that when you open a new
Artur Monteiro: a new media, it has its text, it shouldn't have, except if you're doing a starting point board. Let me just show you some stuff here, because if you do a really…
Artur Monteiro: Clean board, it should be empty, with non-information, but you have two different options. This is board selection, and this is the new selection. Maybe you're just starting point from Discover.
Artur Monteiro: And which, when you…
Sherif Mokbel: Oh, no, I…
Artur Monteiro: In each kind of stuff, it has some stuff in the dashboard. The agent already has some background about this, so it starts generating the text by itself.
Artur Monteiro: You know? But again, I think the topic here is rushing to generate things instead of saying, hey, this is what's gonna happen, you're gonna help me, this…
Artur Monteiro: This is what I'm trying to convey, I'm trying to make, I don't know, an object, a scene, a character. It's gonna have these nuances, so let's break it down. And then…
Artur Monteiro: Because, again, you, you'll say.
Artur Monteiro: Maybe your guys are putting too much effort on my… on the prompt to solve the consistency, but the consistency is, you can…
Artur Monteiro: You can achieve the consistency in the beginning of the project, when you're starting locking out the settings. This is gonna be all my column grading, this is gonna be all my lighting, this is gonna be the lens I'm gonna be using.
Artur Monteiro: And sometimes you don't know the lens, because you're not a professional photographer. You can say, hey, for a close shot, hey, Luma agent, for a close shot, what lens should I use? And then it can tell you.
Artur Monteiro: right away, oh, this could be this one, it could be, I don't know, an Ari Alexa, because if you want to do something cinematic, or maybe it's a still shot, you want to go for Hasselblad. It has all this kind of knowledge, but until we ask, then they're not gonna tell us.
Artur Monteiro: So, I think the consistence, at least in my process and all my stuff, I can show you guys more.
Artur Monteiro: It begins… in the beginning is where I can achieve my consistency.
Artur Monteiro: Color grading, planes, you know?
Artur Monteiro: And that's what I can do. And that's what I did. I just shared here in the chat, you can use my prompt.
Artur Monteiro: It's not gonna have the same stuff, because you needed my…
Artur Monteiro: Previous debates with the platform, you know?
Artur Monteiro: Does that… is it clear? And I'm… I was a little bit worried about you guys thinking that the tag teaches the model. It doesn't. This doesn't teach the model. This is something to help in the sea of thousand images, we say, or you can just delete it, you know? But…
Artur Monteiro: This is to help.
Artur Monteiro: In multiple teams, and once in a while, the model itself gets this information, say, by the way, since we have this visual stuff, I don't think this is working. What do you think?
Artur Monteiro: And even sometimes, I just use it.
Artur Monteiro: images that was… were tagged to reject, because I felt, oh, this is interesting, I can work with that. You can always… you can't always stress in the platform self-judgment. This is the automatic stuff.
Sherif Mokbel: Is there a way to teach it what I like and what I don't like? Maybe just
Sherif Mokbel: what I like and say, I like this and I don't like that?
Artur Monteiro: Yes, exactly. You just have to select and say, this is what's cool, let's go with this image.
Artur Monteiro: You can just delete from the board what you don't like, because then it can access what's not on the board.
Sherif Mokbel: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: But again, this… what I like, who I am, how am I as a creative, you have to teach the platform, you know, because…
Artur Monteiro: The platform can learn from your style, and then you can make, like, an extension of yourself, but you have to teach it.
Sherif Mokbel: So, is it better to remove the things that I don't like, so the model would not confuse itself and start picking, you know, what do you call it, like, the style from those ones that I didn't like?
Artur Monteiro: But let me show you how… For example, This is the image.
Artur Monteiro: And it jumps to here, you know? So now, everything I type, the agent's gonna say it's referred to this image. I'm selecting it.
Sherif Mokbel: Yep.
Artur Monteiro: You know?
Sherif Mokbel: button.
Artur Monteiro: If I do without any selection, then I'm gonna confuse the agent. What are you talking about? We have thousands of images here. What do you mean?
Artur Monteiro: You know?
Artur Monteiro: You can just select, and then make the product.
Sherif Mokbel: I like that.
Artur Monteiro: And also…
Artur Monteiro: Yes, and so… and also, on one stuff that helps, we have these different modes here. The brainstorm mode, it's useful for making iterations, debates, so I always start with the brainstorm mode. And when I know what to ask.
Artur Monteiro: the agent, we jump to the create mode. And sometimes the agent is gonna create, are you good with this? Can we jump to the create mode?
Sherif Mokbel: Yep.
Artur Monteiro: And spends less credits. So helpful to spend less credits in a brainstorm mode instead of the create mode.
Sherif Mokbel: Yeah, thanks.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, I know Sheriff has tons of questions, but what we are talking, it helps for the other guys in the room.
Artur Monteiro: Are there folks in the room?
Michał Królewiak: Yes, yes.
Artur Monteiro: Amazing, cool. Because… Sometimes we got stuck in just one topic, isn't that cool?
Artur Monteiro: Way ahead.
Artur Monteiro: Fixel?
Artur Monteiro: Cool. And then we have the… the magazine.
Artur Monteiro: Short, that it just did this.
Artur Monteiro: going… change the pages, you know, I had two options, then I choose the best option, I like it.
Artur Monteiro: Then the… The clothes up in the nose.
Artur Monteiro: then this… No camera point of view.
Artur Monteiro: Then this shot, and I… I don't remember who asked me, but again, how did I create this shot? I have starting point 1,
Artur Monteiro: To go for the starting point 2 and starting point 3.
Artur Monteiro: Because first I have to have the empty space, then the door opens, and then the guys look to the door.
Artur Monteiro: And I can control because I know where it starts, and what action will result of this.
Artur Monteiro: of this front. So, this would have the model.
Artur Monteiro: To understand what Dina has to do.
Artur Monteiro: So now that are opus, and now the faces.
Artur Monteiro: Look to this… this direction.
Artur Monteiro: Does that look clear? Maybe prompting will not solve everything, so you need to have keyframes.
Artur Monteiro: Then the… the ski guy…
Artur Monteiro: I prefer to start with him already in the shot instead of outside the shot. Then we did this
Artur Monteiro: variations, and sometimes I just said, I don't need too much, let me have only 3 seconds, I don't need 5 full seconds. You know, you can also ask about this about… for the…
Artur Monteiro: For the agent?
Artur Monteiro: Then, the other plate, the other framing with the doctor.
Artur Monteiro: And below my selected videos.
Artur Monteiro: I also upscaled the videos as well, you know, I had this upscale option here for the video.
Artur Monteiro: the walking scene, then this subtle scene to… if people didn't understand what I'm talking about, they should by now, because it has a really specific framing, a funny framing.
Artur Monteiro: Then some details of the doctor.
Artur Monteiro: Then this one, that this was the most challenging one, because I had the doctor look into the frame, then look into the syringe, change of focus, you know, for the syringe, then going back, looking to the camera, and kind of smiling with her eyes, because you can see she's smiling, although you're not seeing her mouth.
Artur Monteiro: Then I did the flasks one. These were my situation. I think, yes, I did some iterations with the flask, and I thought, this is maybe too much, I need to make it easier for people to understand that this is her product, she's selling it.
Artur Monteiro: Made some iterations, some short planes, some a little bit lifted cameras.
Artur Monteiro: You know?
Artur Monteiro: This was my final shot. And then I had the magazines. These were my magazines, and again.
Artur Monteiro: the model did this. The model chose the image, the model put the typography. You know, I think I just have to choose the color of the… between the color of the typography. Then it said, how one doctor turns skin's biggest scandal into a billion-dollar formula. It's the sense of humor of the agent.
Sherif Mokbel: Can you share the prompt for this one, for the cover, or how did you tell it to come up to the cover?
Artur Monteiro: Let me see if I can search… I don't have in this image, maybe I have… oh, yeah. I had…
Artur Monteiro: Yes. Oh, but by the way, what happens here is sometimes I type my prompt in natural language.
Artur Monteiro: And then the agent translates it to a more technical one. So this one, I'm getting it. Let me do it again. Right-click.
Artur Monteiro: this little bit…
Artur Monteiro: info stuff here. This is not the prompt I typed. This is the prompt that generated this image. And the agent, what he's doing is translating my natural language in this kind of language. Is that clear?
Sherif Mokbel: Yes.
Artur Monteiro: I can show you… I can show you anyway, just in case you have to… you want to test it, but it's not exactly the prompt I generated, because I use a natural language, and the agent does this process for me. What's the best way so this model… in this case, I use a nanobanana. It's here, nanobanana from the cover. I didn't use anyone in this…
Sherif Mokbel: Did you specify to make it in 4K?
Artur Monteiro: I think I upscaled it after.
Sherif Mokbel: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: Because in the default, it doesn't generate like this. So, cool, I have my magazines.
Artur Monteiro: I made this typical stuff where people end their story while the credits are rolling, so I just put in more information, made it through Luma agents.
Artur Monteiro: tried to change the color grading, because sometimes it didn't respect what I did, what I wanted, so I just asked it again to respect the color grading, then made the video.
Artur Monteiro: And then the final scene that would reveal everything to everyone, if they didn't get by far… by this point of the story. You know, where you can have another…
Artur Monteiro: Because, again, I didn't want to…
Artur Monteiro: to use dialogues to explain my story. I think it would be interesting without dialogues.
Artur Monteiro: So, that's it.
Artur Monteiro: All I did. Oh, the sounds, the sounds I use are also inside the…
Artur Monteiro: the agent, we have this here, generate audio, you have Eleven Labs.
Artur Monteiro: some options. I think we're gonna add new options in the future.
Artur Monteiro: For the 11 Lab products.
Artur Monteiro: And then, for example, this is the door. I don't know if you guys can hear me.
Artur Monteiro: I can ask for sound effects to put it.
Artur Monteiro: on my topic, and I don't know where the…
Artur Monteiro: Clock ticking this, but it's somewhere in the sport.
Artur Monteiro: And that's it! I thought I was gonna take 20 minutes, then I took 1 hour.
Artur Monteiro: Okay, now I have some questions on the chat. Is there a way to ask the agent to generate this storyboard? Do you always generate images first?
Artur Monteiro: before converting to videos, how much credits do you spend for this whole project? Okay,
Artur Monteiro: I can ask the agent to originate this whole storyboard, but I prefer to have the control, you know, because I have a vision in mind, and I want to put it on the screen. I don't think the agent will understand my sequence of which scene is gonna come to… in the sequence of another. I think I even changed the other.
Artur Monteiro: somewhere in this… in the nose, I think I changed the order. Yeah, the eyes came to this position, and then, yeah, I shifted some on my… when I were… I was editing.
Artur Monteiro: in the software, I just shifted some positions.
Artur Monteiro: When you tend to make page and do a really big task, it can complicate things. I don't…
Artur Monteiro: think it can handle all this kind of stuff. So, for the first question, you can ask the agent to generate a story, but yes, you can. Are you… think this is gonna work? I don't think so.
Artur Monteiro: Second question. Do all generated images first before converting to videos? Yes, it helps me to understand, because I can visualize in this scene
Artur Monteiro: To have a cut to the scene, or maybe it's a traveling, maybe it's a zone out, maybe it's a moving laterally, you know?
Artur Monteiro: I can visualize from frame 1 to frame 2 what can happen. This helps me. This is not the only process to create videos. I know people that create only with text. I don't know how they do it, and how they can make consistent with all this stuff, but it's possible. It's always possible.
Artur Monteiro: So, if the question is personal, do we… yes, I do generate images first, because I think I have more control about it.
Artur Monteiro: Third question, how much credits do you spend? I don't have this information? Because I didn't count it, you know? But it helps to understand the credit
Artur Monteiro: Charging, if you go to our webpage, and we have a table.
Artur Monteiro: Yes, we have tables with all the credits, how many operations, if it is a draft, which resolution, and how many credits we'll spend. I don't have the exact amount of credits I spent on my, project, because I wasn't counting.
Artur Monteiro: But the best I can offer is this link here, let me just share you in the chat to NAM.
Artur Monteiro: Cool.
Artur Monteiro: Great. David Archer. Arthur, thank you so much, absolute must request. Oh, you…
Artur Monteiro: You… you… you're spoiling me, thank you! This was just a test, I… I… you have to check the other guys inside the camp, and they're the beast.
Artur Monteiro: There have tons of other projects. For example, we have this lab in LA,
Artur Monteiro: That's called Dream Lab, let me show you guys here.
Artur Monteiro: DreamLab is… A place where people make short films, they are amazing, you know?
Artur Monteiro: They just did this one lately. They have been dedicated to narratives and short films, you know? Sometimes it's terror, science fiction, they are amazing, you guys should check them.
Artur Monteiro: Is it good idea… Michael… is it a good idea to make different type of labeling to teach agents what we like or not? Michael, I don't think you got, when I told about this, labeling.
Artur Monteiro: Doesn't teach the agents.
Artur Monteiro: Are you still here?
Michał Królewiak: I think I understand it properly, but my idea is to make different type of labeling to teach the agents, so that you don't have to type the good picture.
Michał Królewiak: But it's okay.
Artur Monteiro: First of all, I would question why do you need to retain bad images from your board, but let's say you needed to. You can make a group of all the images and say.
Artur Monteiro: good stuff, and then the other ones, bad stuff, because, for example, you have the image, you can make groups of it. I don't know if you guys saw this, we have this stuff, you can go right here, and now this is a group that's called the frame.
Artur Monteiro: You know, so you can tag the fam if you feel the necessity to, hey, this is the bad stuff, and this is the good stuff.
Artur Monteiro: You know?
Michał Królewiak: Okay.
Artur Monteiro: And then you can name the stuff. I don't find it particularly useful, but… because you can always select to tell the agents, but feel free to explore more solutions for your problems, you know?
Artur Monteiro: And always ask the agent. And come to webinars weekly, because we've been teaching this Weeks, for weeks,
Artur Monteiro: doing walkthroughs from projects. I'm trying to do one pro- one big project per week, but sometimes I don't have the time to create a full short film.
Artur Monteiro: What we can always chat about,
Artur Monteiro: some… some projects, some… some options, because I know what I do is not what everything is doing. Sometimes people have specific needs, and… I don't know, social media, objects.
Artur Monteiro: Some other kind of stuff.
Artur Monteiro: But, yeah.
Artur Monteiro: That's it. Again, labeling doesn't teach the model. Let's…
Michał Królewiak: Big South?
Artur Monteiro: this idea from the head, because it happens a lot. What Teach does is if you debate with the model and say, okay.
Artur Monteiro: between all we discuss, and let's make a summary to be our golden rules when designing this project. And then, this is what generates this kind of stuff. My setting, my lighting, my camera.
Artur Monteiro: You know? And especially color correlating.
Artur Monteiro: And this is the best way, but again, you can't hallucinate, because no mother in the world is 100% without this, but we can teach.
Artur Monteiro: And make the agent understand us.
Michał Królewiak: Okay, thank you.
Artur Monteiro: Cool, and that's it. A joke that became a stress test, and then became a short film.
Audio shared by Artur Monteiro: Here.
Artur Monteiro: We're way past our time. Do you guys have any questions? If not, I need to jump to another meeting, but I invite you guys to add me on LinkedIn, come back next week with new stuff.
Artur Monteiro: No, you don't owe me anything, dude.
Artur Monteiro: David said here in the chat, no, you don't owe me anything, is this… this is, really, you know, sometimes I heard people say, I think I have a Ferrari in my hands, but I don't know how to drive. And this is the thing, you need to understand the possibilities.
Artur Monteiro: of the platform, you know? Sometimes you… you're just trying to push your process with the platform first. It's useful to understand the possibilities, and then you can, okay, for this problem, I can go for this solution.
Artur Monteiro: And then after you teach the model with your stuff, it's like an extension of your arm, an extension of your brain, you know? That's the main point that sometimes people don't take the time, you know? They jump to…
Artur Monteiro: Try to create stuff.
Artur Monteiro: And that's it. I hope I'm not too philosophical, because sometimes I go answering questions in a philosophical way. I hope you guys could understand where this is going, and I invite you guys to be back here next week.
Sherif Mokbel: Thank you so much, Artur.
Artur Monteiro: Thank you, guys!
Artur Monteiro: Cool. See you next week.
Artur Monteiro: Talk soon!